README.md, before:

# MiniNetflix

This is a mini-netflix web application created with Angular.

Find front end preview here [https://mini-netflix-gdkimaiyo.netlify.com](https://mini-netflix-gdkimaiyo.netlify.com)

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 8.3.12

## Installation

### Set up the project on your PC

- run **`git clone https://github.com/OwenKelvin/mini-netflix.git`** to clone the repository
- **`cd`** into the project files and run **`npm install`**

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory. Use the `--prod` flag for a production build.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via [Protractor](http://www.protractortest.org/).

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI README](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli/blob/master/README.md).

## TODO

### Yet to do

- Enable search button to function
- Enable user authentication. Login and Sign Up
- Display Actors and Awards
- Prevent adding a movie to favorites twice
- Route favorites movie to show more details
- Enable Session storage for favorites movies. Persisting favorites movies.
- Add a footer
- General styling
- General refactoring

Commit message:

updated TODO list & Added footer component

README.md, after:

# MiniNetflix

This is a mini-netflix web application created with Angular.

Find front end preview here [https://mini-netflix-gdkimaiyo.netlify.com](https://mini-netflix-gdkimaiyo.netlify.com)

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 8.3.12

## Installation

### Set up the project on your PC

- run **`git clone https://github.com/gdkimaiyo/mini-netflix.git`** to clone the repository
- **`cd`** into the project files and run **`npm install`**

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory. Use the `--prod` flag for a production build.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via [Protractor](http://www.protractortest.org/).

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI README](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli/blob/master/README.md).

## TODO

### Yet to do

- Enable search button to function
- Enable user authentication. Login and Sign Up. Using express js
- Use API keys instead to dynamically display movies 
- Display Actors and Awards
- Prevent adding a movie to favorites twice
- Route favorites movie to show more details
- Enable Session storage for favorites movies. Persisting favorites movies.
- General styling
- General refactoring
